here's what's going on at the movies I
know who I am Matt Damon is back in the
action thriller Jason Bourne which finds
the former assassin searching for the
truth about his past
msg no BHA no be the hilarious comedy
bad mom stars Mila Kunis Kristen Bell
and Kathryn Hahn as moms who decide to
take a walk on the wild side tea a
meeting at 2:00 and we see ho his
stranger for five seconds nerve is a
heart-pounding high-stakes game of dares
where the only way out is to win players
show that your weapons and finally let's
find out what's hot in theaters this
weekend with this week's fan tissa
patient
so what's your weekend ticket going to
be let us know in the comments below
we'll see you next time on weekend
ticket